Job Implementations
The World Designer and Loading Blueprint Editor tools both make use of Jobs to speed up performance.

By default these Jobs do not make use of Burst, as Burst is contained in a separate Unity Package that 
needs to be imported before the Streamable Assets Manager can use it.

As such, you will see an Asset called BurstDisabledJobImplementation within this folder. In order to 
make use of Burst and speed up performance of the mentioned tools, import the Burst Package via the 
Unity Package Manager (version does not matter) and then from the top menu bar, choose 
Assets -> Deep Space Labs -> SAM -> Regenerate Burst Enabled Job Implementation

You will need to close the Editor tools and re-launch them before seeing the Burst enabled improvements.

Note that the option to regenerate the burst enabled job implementation may not appear immediately after 
importing the Burst Package. If that is the case, try closing the Unity Editor and re-launching it.

You should not delete the BurstDisabled or BurstEnabledJobImplementation assets. If you do by mistake, you 
can regenerate them both via the menu command mentioned above. If both assets are present, the 
Editor Tools will favor using the BurstEnabled version. If you see any issues that seems to be 
Burst related, you can try deleting the Burst Enabled asset and re-launching the Editor Tools.

SAMCurves
This asset stores some Curves that are assigned by default to some of the default Cell Visual Transition Controllers. 
Please do not remove it.

GlobalEditorSettings
These settings store various Colors and other settings related to Editor Tools. You can freely delete it, however 
you will lose editor related data and the Settings will be regenerated automatically the next time an Editor Tool 
tries to access them (therefore, deleting the asset is only beneficial if you want to *start over*).

Initially, you may not see this asset. It is only generated the first time it is accessed! If you don't see it, simply 
open the World Designer tool or Loading Blueprint Editor and it will be automatically generated. 